Add supported destinations (#5614)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/index.md

## Destinations
Destinations are the business tools or apps that Segment forwards your data to. Adding Destinations allow you to act on your data and learn more about your customers in real time.

> Check out our documentation for [Device-mode Destinations](https://segment-docs.netlify.app/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/destination-plugins/) for a full list of [suppoprted device-mode plugins](https://segment-docs.netlify.app/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/destination-plugins/#supported-device-mode-plugins).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See Segment's documentation for [device-mode destinations](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/destination-plugins/) for a full list of [supported device-mode plugins](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/destination-plugins/#supported-device-mode-plugins).  
```

> Browse our [Cloud-mode destinations](https://segment-docs.netlify.app/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/cloud-mode-destinations/) for a full list of available cloud-mode destinations that Swift supports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browse Segment's [cloud-mode destinations](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/cloud-mode-destinations/) for a full list of available cloud-mode destinations that Swift supports. 
```
